DEVELOPER DOCUMENTATION
In the "courses" menu primary there are three types of objects: Students, Teachers and Courses. Every object have his own fields.
Every object of type students have: student_name, student_surname, student_email, student_index_numbe (all of previous are type char), field student_enrolled_year which is type selection from current year and one year before, student_field_of_study which is text field, student_access field which give every student acces to his web page, and student_grades which is of type one2Many with module Grades(object). Student index number is generated with fucntion with name "_check_change_enrolled_year" which provides unique student index for every student, it takes which number of record is in the table and appends enrolled year to it (no. 2, enrolled year 2021 -> index: 02/2021). When student is created automaticly they are given portal acces and they can log in into thier web page with thier email and password ("admin" by default can be changed after).
Model Grades have field course Many2one with modoel "courses", field student Many2one with model "students" and grade field of type selection which is numbers from 5 to 10 (grades).
Model "courses" have fields course_teacher_name which is field Many2one with model teachers, name of type Char, course_field_of_study and course_desctiption which are of type text, course_semester which is of type selection with numbers from 1 to 8 it provides in which semester course is held, course_start_date and course_end_date of type Date, course_file of type Many2many, students_in_course Many2many field which is relation with all students in the database, student_grades One2many field with "Grades" model, number_of_students_in_course which is the number of students that are enrolled in the course, course_is_published field of type boolean wich provides us information about is course published (can other people buy it). we have overwriten function create, in this funcion we automaticly create course product so the course can be published and be sold (100$ by default).
Model Teacher like students have name, surname, email, teacher acces, teacher_clasroom of type Integer (every teacher have his class room where he teach his courses), simular like students they have given portal acces so they can login in thier web page.
Teachers have more acces to on web page, they can see all studnets in the course which are welcomed or not. Teachers can send welcome mail to students by checking the check box and clicking on "Send mail" button, when you click this button automaticly is generated template for mail (send_student_mail_template) which takes teacher name surname class room and all information that are needed and sends mail to students that are selected and moves them in welcomed students list which is rendered like table on front end. 
Students can only see courses that they are enrolled in and number of students in that course. If they click on course they are able to see all the studnets in course they are not able to send mail or see who is welcomed or not.

USER DOCUMENTATION
On the left top corner you have menu where you can select courses.
After you click courses menu, you will be redirected at list of all students, if there is no students created you will see "No students" message, otherwise you will be able to see all students with thier: name, surname, birth date, emial, index number, enrolled year, birthd date and field of study. You can crate students by clicking on button create at left top corner of the table. After student is created, automaticly there is record for this student in Contacts and student is granted portal access, so students can access thier webpage where students can log in with thier email and password. When students log in on thier webpage students can see courses that they are enrolled in and number of studets that are enrolled in that course, by clicking the course name students can see all the students that are enrolled in that course with thier name and surname.
When you click on create you are redirected on new page where you can create new student.
All required fields are with light blue backgroud collor (name, surname, email, birth date, enrolled year, field of study). If you want to cancel creating of the new student you can do that via clicking "Discard" button, otherwise you can save it after filling all required fields by clicking on the "Save" button.

Simular like Students, there is Teacher menu next to Students menu where you can see all Teachers by thier name, surname, email, teaching class room and number of courses that hey teach or you can create Teachers via clicking "Create" button. Teachers are created with thier name surname email and teaching class room where all subjects they teach are held in that class room. When you click "Save" button automaticly Teacher Contact is created in Contacts and Teacher is granted with portal access. Teacher can log in into web site with thier email and password. When Teacher is logged in he can see all the courses that he teach and number of students in each course, by clicking on course name teacher is redirected on other page when he can see all the students enrolled in the course. Students are separated in two tables, one table is students that he have sent "welcome mail" other table is studets that have not recived "welcome mail".
Teacher can select students that he want to send "welcome mail" by checking on the checkbox at the end of the each row and via clicking "SEND MAIL" button mail is sent to all selected students and they are moved into welcomed students table.

Next item in the menu is Courses menu where you can see all courses and create new one.
If you want to see details about course you can click on name of the course and you are redirected to other page where you can see all the deatils about the course. You can edit the the course by clicking edit button or create new one by clicking create button, also there is other button to open/draft the course wich enables you to enter grades to students that are enrolled in the course. When course is open next to "draft" button is showin "Insert Grades" button, when you click the button, pop up is shown on the screen and you can enter grades for students that are enrolled in the course and press "Submit" button to save it or "Cancel" to cancel it, if you don't enter grades for all students aller is poped that you dont have not assigned a grade for every student. If you have grade for every student in that course after clicking "Submit" you can print pdf report via clicking "Print Report" button which is shown after you enter grades for all studnets in the course and course is moved to finished state.
If you want to create new Course you need to click "Create" button and you are able to choose which teacher is teaching the course, course name, which semester it is, course description, start date of the course, end date of the course, field of study, you are able to attach course material and you can add students to this course via clicking add line on students in course table.
